com/example/myapplication/databinding/NoticeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NoticeBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDialogBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDialogBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/MypageEditBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.MypageEditBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivitySearchMapBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivitySearchMapBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/AppWidgetBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.AppWidgetBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/DefaultcardLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.DefaultcardLayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ArriveBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ArriveBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/NoticeCardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NoticeCardBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/BoardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.BoardBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityDynamicBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityDynamicBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityFamilysettingBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityFamilysettingBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityStartBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityStartBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/MypageActivityBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.MypageActivityBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCustomBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCustomBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityInsertInviteCodeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityInsertInviteCodeBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/CardLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.CardLayoutBinding
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LoginactivityBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LoginactivityBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/SignuppageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.SignuppageBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/myapplication/Mypage/DummyData.java
 com.example.myapplication.Mypage.DummyData
com/example/myapplication/databinding/MypageContentBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.MypageContentBinding
